How dare you hit me?
What happened when I hit you?
Look at what Yun Shao is wearing
Any one can sell you barbecue money for a year
Isn't it normal for me to be with him?
Boy, I'm the manager of the dignified Gao Group
Annual salary of nearly one million
What are you fighting me with?
Get the hell out of here
Hahaha, did you hear that?
That's Gao's
Behind Young Master Yun is the richest man in Jiangzhong, Mr. Gao
You're not even good at a finger
Break up can
The money I gave you.
Take it and return the car
Give me the room Xiuxiu
What's going on?
There is a broken car
You deserve it, you poor loser
You didn't know his dad didn't want him anymore
His mother is so cheap again
Family?
All poor
You said I could
I forbid you to insult my mother
Am I wrong?
Your mother is old and ugly
You are still a loser
No wonder your father doesn't want you to shut up
How dare you hit your young master's woman?
I'm impatient